Add notes for the scheduler setup (#163)
wintercms/docs: setup/installation.md

* * * * * php /path/to/artisan schedule:run >> /dev/null 2>&1
```

> Be sure to replace `php` with the absolute path to the `php` file and also replace `/path/to/artisan` with the absolute path to the `artisan` file in the root directory of your Winter installation. This cron task will call the command scheduler every minute, to which Winter will evaluate any scheduled tasks and run the tasks that are due for execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cron task will call the command scheduler every minute, to which Winter will evaluate any scheduled tasks and run the tasks that are due for execution.

> **NOTE**: If `php` is not on your PATH, then make sure you provide the absolute path to the version of PHP you wish to run the scheduler with. `/path/to/artisan` should also reflect the absolute path to the `artisan` file in the root directory of your Winter installation.
```

* * * * * php /path/to/artisan schedule:run >> /dev/null 2>&1
```

This cron task will call the command scheduler every minute, to which Winter will evaluate any scheduled tasks and run the tasks that are due for execution.

> **NOTE**: If `php` is not on your PATH, then make sure you provide the absolute path to the version of PHP you wish to run the scheduler with. `/path/to/artisan` should also reflect the absolute path to the `artisan` file in the root directory of your Winter installation.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
